Hello everyone, and
welcome to this section.
So, here Randy and I will be showing you
where to download the Android Image, so
that you can properly flash the OS
in to your Dragonboard 410c.
So, why don't we go ahead and
dive right in to Randy's screen?
>> All right.
So, here we go, to my home page,
the 96boards.org.
Here, this is where we're
going to download the image.
So, after we reach this page,
you want to click on the Dragonboard 410c,
this blue one.
And then once you get to this page,
you want to go to downloads, right here.
And lastly, your going to go ahead and
click on the current,
updated microSD card image, in this
case it's the android 5.1 Lollipop.
You can go ahead and download that, and
I guess I'll save it to my desktop.
And yeah.
>> So after you let that finish
downloading, go ahead and
go to the next section,
where we'll show you how to create
the path variables to reference the image.